what's up everybody it's your boy sir
Cruz coming at you with the video now I
know how many times I got to tell you
people to brush your hair to get waves
it is not that hard
brush your hair as I'm telling you
people too many times to rush your hair
and you don't listen to me man
people still saying I use a kit I don't
know why people keep saying that cuz I
don't use no kit
all's I'd use is my currently Hansen
smoothie and my cqp to get my waves
people should know this by now I got 50
million other way videos you can go
watch so that's up to you man just brush
your hair it ain't that hard it's brush
you know telling you guys got my waves
and stuff man
you know my ways are so they're silky
smooth I know I know I know I know
smooth doesn't have no no D in it but
you gotta put the D in there man silky
it's got smooth but you know all's I've
been using is my C Q peas and and my
rollercoaster waves and cold label oh
that's all you gotta use man to get your
hair silky
- what's good at del huevos this your
boy Darrell Aldridge okay ain't country
boy white boy coming back at you one mo
time I'm telling you guys I'm telling
you this time you got to get you your
your premium wave and stout butter cold
label cold leg man you got to get your
premium wave and Scout butter yeah what
up YouTube it's your boy yo wavy forever
what up everybody you should wear Nino
coming at y'all for the video today what
up YouTube this is rg3 and today no
longer going to the barbershop could
patch out my stuff from today on cut my
own stuff what's up everybody this sugar
at the Texas wave coming at you with the
video telling you to order your cold
label from me your premium wave and
scout butter all the other stuff you may
want this cold label I'm now shipping it
get your CQ piece you know I got my zqv
so yeah
hit me up